Create MLflow Deployments top level docs (#10690)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/deployment_client.rst

.. _mlflow_deployment_client:

MLflow Deployment Client
=========================

> MLflow Deployment Client is a set of CRUD and query APIs to interact models that are served across various platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MLflow Deployment Client is a set of CRUD and query APIs designed to interact with models that are deployed  across various platforms.
```

> MLflow Deployment Client is a set of CRUD and query APIs to interact models that are served across various platforms.

Reviewer 2: interact "with" models

.. contents:: Table of Contents
    :local:
    :depth: 1

Overview
--------

> The MLflow Deployment Client provides unified CRUD and query APIs to interact with models that are served across various platforms. MLflow provides several built-in deployment clients that provide a consistent and platform-agnostic interface to interact with models served on different platforms, as well as a interface that can be used to implement custom deployment clients via plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MLflow Deployment Client provides unified CRUD and query APIs to interact with models that are served across various platforms. MLflow provides several built-in deployment clients that provide a consistent and platform-agnostic interface to interact with models served on different platforms, as well as a plugin interface that can be used to implement custom deployment clients.
```

Builtin Deployment Clients
--------------------------

> The MLflow library provides several built-in deployment clients that can be used to interact with models served on different platforms. The following are the built-in deployment clients provided by MLflow:

Reviewer: Same sentence copied here as well. Let's mix it up a little bit :)

> * :py:class:`mlflow.deployments.MlflowDeploymentClient`: A deployment client for served models in the MLflow Deployments Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :py:class:`mlflow.deployments.MlflowDeploymentClient`: A deployment client for interfacing with models that have been deployed for inference within an MLflow Deployments Server
```

> * :py:class:`mlflow.deployments.DatabricksDeploymentClient`: A deployment client for served models on Databricks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :py:class:`mlflow.deployments.DatabricksDeploymentClient`: A client for interacting with models that are deployed on Databricks.
```

> * :py:class:`mlflow.deployments.OpenAIDeploymentClient`: A deployment client for served models on OpenAI or Azure OpenAI platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :py:class:`mlflow.deployments.OpenAIDeploymentClient`: A client that interfaces with OpenAI or Azure OpenAI platforms and the SaaS models that they host.
```

Reviewer: Just trying to break up the repetition here

> Deployment Client Factory functions

Reviewer: Might want to rename this header to not use the SWE term "Factory" as the target audience might be very confused by a design pattern reference

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> These clients can be accessed using the following factory methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessing instances and properties of deployment clients can be accomplished by using the following:
```

* :py:func:`mlflow.deployments.get_deployments_target`: Returns the deployment target associated with the specified deployment client.
* :py:func:`mlflow.deployments.set_deployments_target`: Sets the deployment target for the specified deployment client. The deployment target can also be set using the ``MLFLOW_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET`` environment variable. If running in Databricks, the deployments target will be set to ``databricks`` by default.

The following is an example of how to create an instance of a Databricks deployment client:

.. code-block:: python

    from mlflow.deployments import get_deploy_client

    client = get_deploy_client("databricks")

Custom Deployment Clients
-------------------------

MLflow also provides a :py:class:`mlflow.deployments.BaseDeploymentClient` interface that can be used to implement custom deployment clients. These custom deployment clients can be installed as plugins. For more information, see `MLflow Plugins <https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/plugins.html>`_.

Deployment Client Query APIs
----------------------------

> MLflow deployment clients provide a unified query API for deployments or model endpoints. This is the :py:func:`mlflow.deployments.BaseDeploymentClient.predict` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MLflow deployment clients provide a unified query API for deployments or model endpoints: the :py:func:`mlflow.deployments.BaseDeploymentClient.predict` API.
```

For example, to query ``gpt-4`` model endpoint on OpenAI, you can use the following code:

.. code-block:: python

    import os
    from mlflow.deployments import get_deploy_client

>     os.environ["OPENAI_API_KEY"] = "YOUR_API_KEY"

Reviewer: nit about defining API KEYS in code - in some other tutorials, we explicitly warn users from doing this. 

For reference, here is how I did it for OpenAI: https://output.circle-artifacts.com/output/job/dc2b2586-38d1-4c99-a00f-4993f6c30ed4/artifacts/0/docs/build/html/llms/openai/notebooks/openai-quickstart.html#API-Key-Security-Overview

    client = get_deploy_client("openai")
    client.predict(
        endpoint="gpt-4",
        inputs={
            "messages": [
                {"role": "user", "content": "Hello!"},
            ],
        },
    )

Deployment Client CRUD APIs
---------------------------

> For platforms that support CRUD operations on endpoints, MLflow provides APIs to create, update, delete, and list endpoints. These APIs are available in the :py:class:`mlflow.deployments.BaseDeploymentClient` interface.

Reviewer: Could we list a few examples of endpoint providers that support CRUD and those that don't (this might be a frequently asked question for readers)
